h1. Feature Mirror

As part of a <a href="http://jhollingworth.com/?p=135">project I worked on</a>, we needed to have features of the web application in separate solutions to the main application. To make development with this approach as painless as possible I developed a visual studio plugin which mirrors files from each feature solution to the master solution.

h2. How to use it 

Firstly, you will need to copy the FeatureMirror.AddIn and FeatureMirror.dll into My Documents\Visual studio 2008\Addins\ (At the moment only Visual Studio 2008). Next you need to add a feature.yml file (normal yaml file) which contains one field, destination, which is a relative path from the feature.yml file to the destination of all files.

e.g.

<pre>
destination: "..\..\..\master_app\"
</pre>

If you are using this in conjuction with the <a href="http://github.com/jhollingworth/Seabass/wiki/Features">feature packaging & consumer commands in seabass</a> you would also put the feature name and destination name in here as well. 
Whenever you open a solution which has a project that contains a feature.yml file it will firstly copy all valid file's to the configured destination. A file is considered valid if it has the correct file type (currently aspx, ascx, js, css, png, gif and dll's) and there is a feature.yml file in the directory or within a directory at most 3 levels above it. It will also instantiate a file system watcher which will copy any valid files to their destination whenever a change is made to them. If the file mirroring gets out of sync you can also right click in an C# window and copy the feature from there.
